Hey,
what's going on?
It's filled burn.
It's the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
November 5th,
2012 how's it going?
How are you?
As you can tell,
this is once again,
one of these ones I'm doing from the road.
I don't have a mix of,
I suppose to buy a really small one.
But then I went to,
uh,
I dunno,
I bought this giant one.
Yeah.
Like I guess it was going to sound better than my other one.
I don't fucking know.
But all I know is,
is too big to take on the road.
And then I was going to buy a small one,
but I'm here in New Orleans and they,
I don't know.
I don't know where to fucking buy one in New Orleans.
And I know while you come to are from New Orleans,
so like,
dude,
what the fuck does a zillion places,
you know,
dead have music?
Yeah.
Well where are they?
Okay.
I don't know where they're at.
I don't know what the fucking look up and a,
and I got,
I gotta be honest with you.
Like,
you know,
New Orleans is,
it's a great city,
but it's one of the shadiest I put it up there and like my top maybe four or
five shady cities that I go to,
you know,
and if you'd like to list in no particular order,
it would be a San Jose is shady.
Uh,
downtown Cincinnati past five o'clock.
These all these,
all these cities passed.
Five o'clock is shady.
Cincinnati,
uh,
Detroit all day,
all day Detroit all day Cleveland.
Okay.
Is that five set for,
to add to fucking New Orleans?
This is the one thing I will say is fucked up as San Jose,
Cincinnati,
Cleveland and Detroit are just as far as being like,
I don't feel safe past 5:00 PM because anybody with who actually has ever filled
out a w two form seems to go home at five Oh one,
uh,
before that second shift of fucking zombies hustlers and uh,
God knows fucking Werewolf's come out.
Um,
I would say New Orleans,
I can't put my finger on it.
It's got this great music.
It's got great people,
but it just has that,
you know,
you're going to get your throat slit if you go down the wrong fucking street
vibe.
It really does.
And this is what they don't have in that little tourist,
you know,
fucking brochure because it is great and you can get out,
go on a fucking river boat.
You can go down to Bourbon Street,
which really Bourbon Street is really like,
that's the Times Square of New Orleans.
Like nobody from New Orleans.
I figured that out in about fucking 10 minutes when I went over to Bourbon
Street with fucking Paul Dude.
I called it [inaudible].
I was over there for like,
first of all,
I was stone sober when I went down the street.
And it's just that the whole vibe of that street,
you know,
it just says sex sucker punched.
Um,
hepatitis.
Those would be the three,
you know,
like if I was on the $10,000 pyramid,
those,
those would be the clues that I saw a sucker punched a herpes,
a dirty needle pass pass.
Let's go to the next,
we'll come back to it.
Um,
I fucking hate dual these without headphones to the point I'm actually wearing
headphones and I can't even hear myself.
It's like my fucking line,
his security blanket.
But anyways,
New Orleans is the shit.
The food is amazing.
But um,
at night I have to tell you like it's the only city in America that if I
actually came face to face with a vampire,
like I wouldn't be surprised.
You know,
it's got the food.
Do you know,
I forgot that.
That's what really puts it over the top.
I would say the Voodoo yellow food do,
I don't even believe in that shit.
I don't believe in any of that shit.
But it's just the fact that somebody does.
And whenever you see those things on,
on Vudu,
on TV,
they always have like that crazed speaking in tongues,
look on their face.
You know,
some chick always has her titties out and she dumps the blood of a chicken all
over and it's just fucking get off.
It's what,
what,
what do you deal with that's like Manson family shit.
You know what I mean?
I'd give Charles Manson somehow got out of jail and started running NBC and
wanted to bring back that whole must see TV thing that they had.
They used to have back in the late nineties,
the first fucking pilot he would greenlight would be anything that had to do
with Voodoo,
you know,
hey wait,
it has that ever been done
is sit calm around like a voodoo person.
That would really be terrible.
I would take all the fucking edge out of it.
Um,
anyways,
this is the Monday morning podcast for this week.
As I mentioned a few weeks ago,
about a month ago,
um,
I started my own a podcast,
I guess radio station,
I guess you'd call it podcast network with a Al Madrigal and some other smarty
pants.
Let smarter than I am and a,
it's called all things,
comedy.com and uh,
we have a bunch of wonderful shows on there if you want to check it out,
but gradually going to be adding to the site.
We'll actually have things beyond just the podcast.
We're going to start blogging,
start putting videos up and all that type of stuff.
Is,
this is the early times,
you know,
like Aerosmith's first record,
they didn't quite have the Aerosmith emblem drawn the way it is now.
It was sort of a simpler form of it.
You know,
it took them till they got to about toys in the attic maybe after get your
wings,
they still had that same one and now what?
Now you want that old concert tee shirt with their original logo with this is
the original logo,
all things comedy.com uh,
I got,
I'm going to try to do a Ari,
uh,
Ari Shaffir skeptic tank and then he actually Mexican,
you're going to hear that.
I'm going to text him about it before he even fucking know so that,
that's how inside you guys are.
But anyways,
um,
the brilliant Tom Rhodes partner of the all things comedy a network has a one
hour special called light sweet crude that just became available on Netflix last
week.
This guy's fucking hilarious.
Harland Williams from heartland highway has a new mobile app called heartland
APP.
H A r capital l a n d APP.
It's available on iTunes via heartland app.com.
And,
uh,
Mazda Bronys crowd funding campaign for his movie.
Jimmy vests would,
American hero.
I'm described as the pink panther meat's coming to America.
Here's the link to the campaign.
It's crowdfunding.
Ah,
you know,
I'm going to put the link up.
It's too fucking long.
Alright,
so there you go.
There's the plugs back to the podcast.
Back to the fucking Voodoo.
So anyways,
I told you last week that I was coming out here to knowledge and I was going to
go the bucket list game.
I was going to go to fucking New Orleans.
I was going to go to a baton rouge,
the Lsu game,
and fucking a versus Alabama.
And uh,
it was,
uh,
it lived,
it definitely lived up to the hype.
I'm telling you right now,
people who live in pro sports cities like I did where you look at like,
you know,
college teams,
like,
you know the deal.
I grew up outside of Boston,
so I mean,
we had Boston College.
Doug Flutie was that big moment,
you know,
I know that they've had guys after that to basically Doug Flutie put them on the
map.
And when I was growing up basically college sports in Boston,
like our football team,
the eagles or the,
uh,
the,
you terriers back when they still had a fucking team,
first of all,
they didn't even televise the Bu Games and then the BC games,
you know,
we had one of those teams,
like when your team goes to kick a field goal,
like you could see the dorms,
you know,
you can see like the parking lot and that type of shit.
We didn't have an enclosed stadium,
we just had bleaches on either side.
And then Doug Flutie came and did what he did and everybody got fucking paid and
they made so much goddamn money off of that guy that they actually were able to
enclose,
you know,
the stadium.
You know what I mean?
But you know,
college athletes shouldn't get paid.
They shouldn't get paid.
They make enough fucking money for the school that they can build a new football
stadium.
I love that too.
When people go college athletes,
they get paid,
they get a free education free education pitch.
They just built a hundred thousand fucking seat stadium because all my will
twinkle toe activities between the fucking hashmarks.
Oh I get a degree in business.
It's fucking ridiculous.
I'll tell you that Lsu Alabama game,
there's over a hundred thousand fucking people there.
And by the way,
we sat way the fuck up that we sat there in that part of the stadium that they
added onto the original bull,
you know.
Oh it sucks.
They treat you like a fuck.
It's like you're flying in coach.
You don't even actually,
I never actually technically have ever even been in that stadium cause I never
was with the ticket that I had.
They were like,
can't go on high.
You're going to up all out,
you know that fucking creole accent.
And I like literally had to like walk in the back door and a,
I vaguely remember going up I think like 36 fucking escalators till I finally
got up top.
And uh,
it was still the shit though.
The one thing he can say when you're up there is
if you can't fucking read a defense and figure out what the fuck they're doing
from up there,
you can see the whole field.
It's phenomenal.
But,
um,
I gotta be honest.
I really learned how much I love Lsu by how fucking devastated I was when they
lost.
Like Versiti was beside himself.
He's like,
dude,
I didn't realize,
I mean,
I knew you were a fan,
but you were like,
dude,
I was like more pissed off than the fucking people,
the Lsu fans.
I got to tell you something.
Lsu Fans in Alabama fans and then it might be some fans around the SCC.
I'm sure we're going to roll it fucking eyes at this,
but like as far as their fan behavior at the one game that I've been to,
they were phenomenal.
Absolute gentlemen.
I didn't hear barely any cursing.
Uh,
they were mixed in together.
You know,
the section where I'm up,
you know,
up in the fucking bull pen up there.
They were all mixed in together and it was,
I was amazed at the behavior,
like when it looked like Lsu was going to win the game and some bunch of Alabama
fans started leaving,
like,
which,
I don't know why the fuck you ever would,
you know,
people gave him some shit,
thanks for coming.
I have a nice long ride back to fucking Tuscaloosa,
you know,
they'd say shit like that.
And that's about as deep as it got.
And it's fucking hilarious because I'm staying here at this casino with,
there's a bunch of Eagle fans waiting to go to the saints game tonight,
which mean versus you're going to,
and you see the behavior of Eagle Fans in a fucking casino.
It's a hundred times worse than Lsu,
Alabama fence sitting next to each other.
Yesterday we were sitting there watching Sunday football and all of a sudden you
just hear coming from the casino because everybody's wearing their jerseys.
All the dealers are wearing like saints jerseys and shit and all the eagles fans
who are walking around with their jerseys on.
Um,
and I just hear from fucking the other side of the casino.
I just here,
asshole,
asshole.
And I'm thinking like that's those stones that sounds like the shit they do.
The Philly games when they appointed somebody with a different jersey.
Right.
And then I just hear,
hey gee,
oh eh,
Eh,
eh.
He goes like obnoxious as fucking hell in the casino.
Okay.
So me and Virginia was sitting in like this fucking,
I don't know how to explain it.
It looks like a dance club that you,
that you'd go into when you're playing like grand theft auto.
That's what it looked like.
There was this big center thing that had these crazy like neon lights that would
gradually change like the background and like bill Cosby himself out of the
background would just gradually change color except on his specialty.
He had like four colors.
This was only two colors that would go from red and then it'll just morph into
gold and then back to red look like a giant fucking glow stick.
And the,
but there was like these go go dancers stages,
which obviously nobody would say it was just these fucking fat football fans.
By the way,
football fans are the most oddest shaped fucking freak show you've ever seen in
your life.
Just a bunch of fatty sitting there like,
like Walrus is sunning themselves,
you know,
before they get bitten the neck by a polar bear,
right?
So we're sitting there and we're along this bench,
right,
and it's me Versie and then there's this,
this black dude was sitting there for a second who sort of had like this African
sorta had a Voodoo vibe.
He had like this fucking,
uh,
old school,
like,
you know,
like a run DMC,
ll cool j when they had the big gold chains,
he had a big chain like that,
but it was plastic and it was made out of yellow.
It just yellow plastic,
like a Fisher price.
My first emcee chain he was wearing and he was wearing that as like a fucking 40
year old guy or he looked 40.
The guy looked like he had a rough life and he had all his teeth from a set
number nine over your two front teeth,
eight and nine starting from the right going over up top for those of you and
never worked in a dental office.
So he had number nine all the way to the back and fucking eight to the other
side was just completely missing.
Like he took like a Mike Tyson fucking hook back in 1988 so far as he goes up to
the bar and that dude kind of came over.
Wgu Dude,
guy sits down and I've gone like Af,
I don't want to talk to this fucking Voodoo Dude,
but I'm going to look like a bitch if I dealt with Versie comes back if to this
fucking half of vampires sitting here with his plastic chain.
So I just tapped him and I just said,
hey,
excuse me about buddy sitting here.
And he kind of gave me a look just long enough for me to be like,
am I going to fucking fight this guy?
Am I going to have the weirdest bite marks on my forearm ever where they won't
even know what the fuck get me.
And then he slid over,
thank God.
Then of course Versie who's all personality comes over and sits down next to the
guy in the meaty Lucas shooting the shit.
Like they went to fucking war together,
right?
So eventually the Voodoo guy gets up and leaves
and then we kind of got this whole like bench area to ourselves,
like cushion bench.
It's nice,
you know,
watching the fucking games,
having a good time.
Uh,
and then this other dude comes over another the black dude,
don't worry.
Eventually there'll be making fun of a white dude.
So this doesn't seem like it's just fucking me being freaked out by black
people.
And this guy comes over and he looked like Thurman Thomas.
Like how Thurman Thomas would look now.
And you know those people when they sit down,
they never stopped rocking.
He,
he was doing that.
He was just sitting there fucking rocket,
just back and forth,
kind of doing this OCD thing with his fingers and then like muttering to
himself.
Right.
And he was sitting like,
we're on on this giant bench of cushion.
So He's,
he's like,
there's one empty cushion between Versie and this guy and versus so locked into
the game.
He's watching the giants,
Dale is that he doesn't see this fucking dude like rocking back and forth and
I'm laughing my ass off.
So finally,
because I keep seeing people wanting to sit down in that seat and then they see
this dude's fucking Thurman Thomas the old Thurman fucking rocking back and
forth.
I said,
okay guys,
let's do this fucking rain man shit.
And I'm laughing my ass off.
And I thought first he sub so right as far as he's taking a swig of his drink.
I said,
hey versus you see that guy there and he looks over at me,
he does almost does a spit take.
I go,
he's the human equivalent of,
you know,
those things at the airport that are always spinning to keep the fucking birds
off the runway.
So they don't fly into the edge.
And he's literally the human equivalent of that preventing anyone from sitting
in that seat.
And right as I get done saying that this fucking eagles fan comes over with a
tee shirt on astronaut haircut and just fucking like,
like movie drunk,
right?
Overact and drunk stumbling over and fucking just sits down like,
like on fucking one ass cheek.
Totally lean in his head.
See starts sliding down almost in Diversey first he was like,
Whoa,
whoa,
hey,
easy,
easy.
And then there's fucking th th the two worlds collides.
This fucking guy like I don't know what he did if he likes shotgun,
some whiskey or if we actually took some drugs cause he was fucking out of it.
Starts tapping a rain man.
Thurman Thomas.
He taps him.
And like the way this dude was rocking and talking to himself,
I wouldn't even think that he could have a fucking conversation.
But the second this fucking drugged up eagles fan tap fucking rain man Thurman
Thomas The do just snapped out of it and was like a fucking state trooper.
He just looked at the dude
and,
and the fucking eagles fans like said something like,
you know,
I said,
how you doing or how you live in or something.
Okay.
And the dude just looked at him,
he can and he was like,
how you living?
And he had this fucking look on his face like this pissed off look.
And the kid tried to high five them and the guy,
all of a sudden he just looked like he was gonna.
He had like that special needs strength and was literally just going to fucking
punch this kid's lower jaw.
Fortunately that didn't happen.
And
Raymond Thurman,
Thomas Slid over one more chair.
So now we got this fucking guy.
Okay.
And he keeps passing out,
falling on end.
Diversey and then he try and high five us.
And uh,
we finally ended up having to get security.
You felt like assholes,
but it was just like he was going to Puke.
You could just tell he was going to puke on somebody.
So the security came over eventually got rid of them.
So then first he,
cause he's,
Mr Personality has to talk to fucking,
you know,
Thurman fucking Dustin Hoffman,
right.
And he goes,
he said something about the guy,
Eh,
you know,
hey,
that guy was a,
he seemed like he was pretty drunk.
He seemed like he was going to Puke and the fucking rain man,
Dude,
stop fucking rock.
And it looked at him,
he go,
he looked like he'd go get his ass kicked.
And we were like,
all right man,
nice talking to you.
And then immediately went right back to just sitting there fucking rock.
And I couldn't figure the guy out either had either had some sort of mental
problem or he had like fucking 20 grand on the game that he didn't have.
I don't know.
It was not even remotely fucking a music.
I have no idea.
I'm fucking sitting here with headphones on.
I can't hear myself.
Uh,
the system Monday morning podcast,
by the way.
Uh,
what the fuck I gotta do?
I gotta do two quick advertisements for this week.
Here we go.
stamps.com everybody you know the deal.
If you don't want to go to the post office anymore,
you can have the post office right inside your own dwelling.
With stamps.com you can buy and print official us postage using your own
computer [inaudible] whenever you need it.
24,
seven no more wasting time at the post office.
What a hassle man.
No need to lease an expensive meter.
stamps.com offers more features than a meter and at a fraction of the price.
Plus stamps.com customers receive special discounts on mailing and shipping.
You can't even get at the post office,
uh,
on priority mail express mail and even more.
No wonder stamps.com customers have already printed over $3 billion in postage.
I use stamps.com whenever I send out my DVDs to my gigs,
I never have a problem.
I feel like a little professional.
I feel like I'm getting away with something.
Um,
use my last name.
Burpee.
You are are for my special offer,
no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer that includes a digital scale and up to $55
in free postage.
It just given you 55 bucks and a scale.
Uh Huh.
Who else does that?
Nobody.
stamps.com don't wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in burpee.
You rr that stamps.com and Trevor.
All right.
Back to the podcast.
So anyways,
mmm
me and first he fucking go to Lsu,
Alabama.
I say Saturday.
For those of you not from Boston and um,
what's going to say?
I was actually just talking to them going,
you know,
I was like,
what the fuck of it happened in Michelob light?
It's the first beer I ever got drunk off of.
I don't give a fuck who you are.
You got,
there's a special thing,
you know,
it's like the first chicky ever fucking nailed it.
First Beer.
Yeah,
but got drunk off of,
I had,
I had like,
I think I had like two MC lights the first time I ever caught a ball up buzz in
Faneuil Hall in Boston.
And I was like,
oh,
I think I liked this smash cut fucking 30 years later.
Um,
so anyways,
we're here in New Orleans and we actually went to this fucking shady liquor
store
to buy a styrofoam cooler and all that crap.
And uh,
Lo and behold verse,
he comes out with some Michelob light and a bottle of Jameson and the whole
night before we're at the show and everybody in the crowd,
I'm like going,
all right,
it's going to be 100,000 people.
It's a fucking seven o'clock game.
What time should we leave?
And they're like six in the morning,
seven in the morning.
I'm like,
get the fuck Outta here.
There's not going to be 12 hours of traffic.
And they just kept laughing at me,
acting like it was going to be this apocalyptic fucking traffic.
And I just kept thinking,
you know,
I go to the rose bowl every year.
That's 100,000 fucking people.
Yeah,
there's traffic,
but like it's not to that level.
And I get there for five hours before the game.
These people are full of Shit,
you know?
And there's no way that that,
with the way I drink,
which I believe is called binge drinking,
there's no way I'm going to be able to get there 12 hours before the game.
I'll pass out three times before the game even starts it by then.
I'm not going to give a shit.
So we ended up leaving around one 30 fucking cruise to the game,
made a left off some exit right before the fucking stadium.
We just parked on a side street,
actually,
if you want to know what we parked,
we parked on Stanford and Yale right in front of somebody's house.
They said it was 40 bucks to park on their lawn,
but there was a space in the streets.
So we just fucking parked there.
So then all of a sudden we realized we were like almost a mile away from the
stadium and that we were going to have to carry this styrofoam cooler with ice
and all these bears in it.
Him holding one side be holding the other and it's Dennis trade off this bottle
of fucking Jamison was going to be fucking ridiculous.
So I got,
you know,
why don't we just slam a couple of these.
Let's,
let's take some weight out of this cooler.
I swear to God,
Dude,
I think I drank five of those in like 90 minutes,
which at my age is impressive.
I wasn't shot gun and me there are funneling,
I'm like you pussies in college.
It's the easy way.
You know what I mean?
I would,
I fucking,
that's ripping off the bandaid.
I did work.
So I shut these things down.
Then of course then I got to Piss like a race horse.
So I'm drunk enough that my personality comes out and I don't come off like a
con like I did when I was talking to fucking Thurman Thomas there.
I went up and I just knocked on the lady's door.
I said,
listen,
I know I didn't pay to park.
I parked in your front yard.
Is there any way I can use your bathroom?
And she was like,
absolutely.
And I went in there and when I came out and gave her five bucks,
I go,
what did I say?
The uh,
okay,
ah,
what the fuck did I say?
Not The home security fund.
The hospitality fun.
She laughed.
She took the five bucks,
right?
And then she comes walking out later,
no one that was slamming beers out there and she came out and she asked for our
empties.
You know,
that's what kind of economy we're living in here that someone's going to,
I give somebody five bucks,
they let me take a piss in their house and then they come out and they collect
my empty.
So that's how bad it is.
By the way,
if you live in New York City or you live in Los Angeles and you can't deal with
how fucking liberal it is there,
you should come down to fuck baton rouge and go to an SCC football game.
Uh,
you,
you would be in heaven.
What they were saying out there,
they were saying Lsu fans,
a couple of them,
but they would go and no Bama,
no Bama.
And they would trash him for saying roll tide or they say,
let me say around the bowl and down the whole roll tide roll.
And they went,
then they would literally mime them going down the toilet.
And in case you didn't get,
what the fuck they were saying,
by the way,
I,
I actually,
um,
I,
I've always liked Alabama too,
you know,
and I know it's going to freak out.
Lsu Fans,
I'm not from here.
So like I just like teams that are good,
so actually like teams and the SCC that don't like each other,
but Lsu is my fucking squad.
Um,
and believe me,
I fucking realize that when they lost,
uh,
you know,
it,
it was too,
I didn't like the way the Alabama fans dressed.
It reminded me,
it TC,
you come out,
frogs would they do that shit when they dress all dress like these fucking
junior banker date rapists,
they go to a football game,
right?
They were like,
they weren't Docker's
boat shoes.
And then they have like a fucking polo shirt that they tuck in.
They,
I swear to God,
it's like,
are you serious right now?
You're from Alabama.
Oh,
who are you kidding?
I could see if you took off your Alabama Shit and you went to some place else
and you tried to pull it off,
but eventually people are going to know you from Alabama and don't even fuck
with me.
I've been to Alabama,
the civilized parts.
Okay.
I didn't go down to making a mobile or all that fucking shit where they,
they're down there.
I mean,
I don't even think they know Martin Luther King's dead yet.
They're probably still haven't fucking meetings.
That's fucked up.
But they probably are.
We've got to get him.
Why you think that took over the end bay?
He's gotta be somewhere.
He's like Elvis,
man.
He Ain't dead yet,
you know,
and as fucked up as that is,
I swear to God
anyways.
Why?
It just,
you know,
and there was this one,
this one fucking dude behind us.
All right.
He had little seventh grade boy arms and he fucking,
he should have seen him.
All right.
He's got his little fucking dockers on and it's stupid fucking shoot he had and
he has his gut.
Okay.
The funny thing was this kid was probably only about 50 pounds overweight,
but you could tell that he wasn't stopping and I was saying diversity.
I go look at the,
I go look at that dude.
I go,
just tell me that guy doesn't scream.
Massive heart attack in about 20 years in is laughing.
I go look at his shoes.
Those are heart attack shoes.
He had like these fucking like,
they were like boat shoes but they had like those tassels on them.
I'm going to tell you right now,
if you're a white guy and you wear shoes with tassels,
there's no fucking way you're not going to have,
you have a 98% chance of having a heart attack the second you put those shoes on
and if you don't have socks on,
it's a 100% that is the official dying at your desk or almost dying at your
desk.
Fucking shoes.
You know,
like,
you know how Chuck Taylors back in the day with the official punk rock fucking a
sneakers,
that meant you were into punk music and you were different because you and all
your friends dressed exactly the same.
Those fucking things.
So anyways,
I'm watching the game and the exact reason why I became an Lsu fan.
Okay.
Which was basically because of the way less miles,
you know,
the mad hatter,
the riverboat gambler,
whatever you want to call them,
would basically,
you know,
I actually set before the game,
we're on Bourbon street and everybody was going out.
Even Lsu fans,
we're going to think Alabama is going to get us.
They're going to few whom are going,
they're going to kill us.
And um,
I,
you know,
I was drunk,
of course.
What else would I be doing?
And I was like,
let me tell you something right now,
calling this right now,
Paul Versey,
there's going to be a fake kicked,
an onside kick of fake field goal and a fake punt.
He's going to pull out all the tricks and they're going to fucking win.
You Watch.
Well,
they did the fake field goal.
They did the onside kick,
no fake punt.
But they also went for it on fourth down.
And if he didn't see the highlights,
none of it worked.
The onside kick work,
but it didn't go 10 yards and uh,
uh,
Jesus,
they fucking blew it.
I was absolutely,
I couldn't believe I was fucking devastated.
I literally,
I walked out of the stadium,
it was the quietest I've ever heard on a thousand people leave the stadium and I
got to give it to the Alabama fence.
They weren't talking shit.
They would just like,
I think I was sort of the eagles fan at the game.
I was the asshole.
I was just walking around,
fucking hammered,
hammered,
yelling at anybody I saw in red.
I would just go,
Hey Amanda,
that dream ends tonight.
It's gonna be a long ride.
I just kept saying that Alabama.
And they would look,
get me like,
what does fucking shocked look on their face?
And I was like,
Jesus,
you see that fucking guy?
Cause I didn't realize.
Like I said,
I'm only judging them on one game here.
I thought you guys,
your,
uh,
I can't,
I can't figure southern people out.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
They're really nice,
really polite,
really friendly,
yet all the other shit
confederate flags,
the south's going to rise again.
The whole,
you know,
slavery wasn't that bad.
A thing was it or the civil war wasn't about slavery.
It was about representation and the fucking,
you know,
they'd start doing that shit.
MMM.
I Dunno.
Can you really fault him for it though?
Isn't that kind of like the,
the same thing is like when your team does something Douchey,
like films,
the other team that you'll never quite admit that they actually cheated.
Oh,
by the way,
in defense of my New England patriots,
um,
I was watching the Green Bay packers yesterday.
Um,
and I saw,
I saw what's his face?
Aaron Rodgers goes over to the sidelines and he fucking goes to talk to his
coach.
And what does he do?
He puts his hand over his mouth when he goes to talk to him.
Now why do you think that is?
Why do you think that is?
Because somehow the other team could read his lips from that far away now,
because you think for some reason they actually have the NFL feed going or maybe
just,
maybe there's a chance that they're fucking doing something on the other side
that they're filming,
that they're looking through binoculars and all that fucking horseshit.
I'm sorry,
I,
I'll,
I'll defend the page.
I have to go.
We fucking shoot you.
What are you going to do everybody?
Everybody's doing it.
I do the same thing when I defend Lance Armstrong,
Lance Armstrong.
So anyways,
I actually,
I,
I'm telling this story all over the place.
My,
this is like a Terantin oh movie,
right.
I started in the middle,
jumped to the beginning,
and now I'm at the end.
I don't know where I'm at.
Anyways,
somewhere in like the third quarter,
I got these epic hiccups and I just couldn't stop.
And I had him for the rest of the fucking game through the night,
the entire drive home.
They went away a couple of times and they came back,
like literally to the point I felt like my esophagus was going to snap in half.
MMM.
And then I went to sleep,
came home and had a pizza.
I had heartburn so I figured,
oh,
I know I'll use some pizza dough fuckin absorb that.
And uh,
I went to bed and I actually got woken up by hiccups at seven in the morning
and all day yesterday I just,
I just had them on and off and on and off and on and off to the point I finally
looked up.
What causes hiccups?
First of all,
I didn't even know what they were.
I just thought it was when you swallowed air into your stomach and it was trying
to get out,
but it couldn't.
I didn't know.
And everybody's telling me that their,
their remedies and that type of shit.
So basically this is what causes,
after I've told you this story of what I did.
Oh.
And by the way,
when I went to the game,
I had a burger,
I had a sausage Poeboy,
I had m and m's and I had something else.
And I had already drank five fucking Michelob and an 90 minutes and then walked
up to the stadium for a mile walking in the sun.
And I had a big gulp of Jamison on ice.
And then I smoked a Cuban cigar all in there.
I don't really fucking remember the order.
And in the midst of all that,
I was going and I've had that dream.
It's Ted Knight.
I was a fucking mess.
MMM.
And then I got these echo epic hiccups.
So this is what causes hiccups.
MMM.
It says a very full stomach can cause bouts of hiccups that go away on their
own.
Uh,
a full stomach can be caused by number one,
eating too much food too quickly.
Check drinking too much alcohol,
check,
swallowing too much air check,
smoking.
Gotcha.
Right there buddy.
Uh,
a sudden change in stomach temperature such as drinking a hot beverage and then
a cold beverage.
Now.
I didn't do that,
but I definitely drank a lot of cold and then smoked.
I don't know,
fucking know.
And the last one,
emotional stress or excitement,
is it any wonder I had fucking hiccups for close to 36 straight hours.
I did every fucking thing you could possibly do.
I was like a nerd going right down the checklist.
You know,
I should've been like rocking back and forth talking to myself.
So basically,
uh,
I'll tell you where the excitement came in was when I went into the,
stadium when you come walking through the hall and I just saw those two Lsu end
zones and that tiger eye on the,
uh,
on the 50 yard line and I couldn't fucking believe I was there.
And um,
I'll tell you right now,
no bullshit.
If you are in a pro sports town city and,
and you'd Never Watch college sports cause you know,
you can't get into it,
you never watched it.
I've only followed the pros.
I'm telling you,
pick a team,
get into it the way I did.
And fucking one year you and your buddies just take a fucking road trip,
tell the ladies to go fuck themselves,
go to the game,
don't drink and eat as much as I did,
but definitely get yourself a nice cigar and uh,
go to the game.
It will definitely,
it will definitely be worth it.
I was actually,
I was actually jealous that I didn't study harder in high school and didn't go
to a,
to a college like that where,
cause that's,
that's the amazing thing about those,
this is like those games are like the,
the everything.
It's like generations of families are together.
There's like mini reunions of old drinking buddies and then there's the existing
class.
I was just unreal.
Espn Game Day was there.
It was fucking insane.
It was worth every God damn cent.
Uh,
so I dunno if you don't have enough shit on your bucket list,
I would,
I would definitely suggest going to an sec game and don't go to some bullshit
cupcake game in September,
you know,
go,
go to go to a fucking game like that where there's like a hundred years of
hatred.
I'm telling you,
it puts Red Sox,
Yankees,
shit to shame.
Go to go to fucking Michigan,
Ohio state,
Lsu,
Alabama,
Florida,
Georgia,
Oklahoma,
Texas,
telling you,
I'm telling you.
All right.
But we got it for fuck sakes.
We got it.
Um,
oh by the way,
Friday night,
Friday night when we were doing the show.
MMM.
Paul Versey got one of the fucking funniest tackles and he didn't even hear it
because the guy did it so southern and like laid back as he was talking about
some shit and he just basically said the tag was,
and he was just riffing,
you know,
making it more southern.
Cause we were in front of that crowd.
He's like,
you know,
I'll blah blah blah,
blah,
blah.
He goes,
I don't give a shit.
He goes up,
kick some fat rednecks ass down the street or something like that.
And then I just hear in the back of the crowd,
some dude goes,
tram it.
It was fun.
It was the greatest.
And he sounded like he wasn't even bullshitting.
I just loved that.
He's like,
I'm a fat redneck.
C'Mon.
Let's do it.
Fuck it.
Um,
speaking of which one of my favorite shows is coming up cause coming back,
I of course,
I don't know the name of it because I'm an idiot.
Uh,
it's the one with those southern guys cook up the Moonshine
on film and there are like ducking behind trees is the cops come by and hoping
that they don't find that it's still,
and it's like,
dude,
this is all the damning evidence they need.
They don't need to walk through the woods anymore.
They just,
they have your name,
they'll find out where you live and they'll just drive up and get you right.
That show has to be fake.
Why isn't that guy getting arrested?
They don't blot out his face or anything.
What's the do?
Uh,
all right,
let's get into this.
A southern Connecticut show.
Yeah.
I'm doing a college at Southern Connecticut University.
William material would be toned down because of the college kids.
Um,
where my act is right now,
there's nowhere to go.
I can't really tone it down because the subject's alone will probably be
considered offensive.
So what I'm going to have to do is
change the intro of each bit.
Well,
I'll,
I'll try and make it more relatable
where I'll be like,
hey,
you know,
here's something that might happen to you in 20 years.
If you don't get married,
you keep drinking,
but then I'll just do the bits so don't worry about it.
If you think about coming to the show,
it's going to be in an an adult shelf.
I do a college once every two or three years.
Um,
and I'd be lying to you if I wasn't a little concerned about this one.
I'm a little concerned about this.
There's a low pressure system coming in.
Um,
tone down.
Hey Bill,
you think you can tone down the swearing during your podcast for who,
why,
why would I want to tone down?
You think he can go fuck yourself.
They'll go find another podcast.
Go to all things comedy and find another podcast to listen to.
I love when people do that shit.
People like,
you know,
you might want to consider
like,
I'm sitting here doing this for you.
This isn't for you.
This is for me.
So I don't have any guests just sitting here talking to myself.
You decided to listen to you do.
If you don't,
I don't give a fuck.
All right.
This is my fucking a,
this is my job that I can get fired from.
You know,
when you just want to make a couple extra bucks,
you know,
get out of the house.
Maybe you're not happy in your relationship.
You just,
you know,
you don't like sitting around,
Hey,
I want to do something else and get myself a weekend job.
Oh my God,
he works so hard now sweetie,
he's sick of you.
Um,
no.
So I won't talk.
I won't turn it down.
Okay.
Anyways,
um,
my weekend,
Yo,
so for the past three weeks or so,
I had been smoking weed on a normal and I must say,
and I'm,
and I must say it's what he's trying to say.
Life is so much more happier cause if any drama rolls through rose throw t h r o
w rose through.
I know,
just let it roll off and life is so much chiller.
I'm just going to read this.
How this person wrote it and life is so much chiller,
more need to do this and stop being so damn uptight.
Love your Monday morning podcast and have a good day.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Are you saying that I need to do that?
Life is so much more happier.
Okay.
H a p.
P.
E.
R.
Cause if any drama roles throw,
um,
look after the way I drank this weekend,
I'm going to give you shit for using any sort of substance.
I actually need to shut it down.
I would never advocate drinking the way that I drink.
I wouldn't.
All right.
I got this weird thing where I'm not an alcoholic.
I just fucking love doing it.
I mean I could stop.
Uh,
Jesus.
I sound like the classic alcoholic.
I can stop whenever I want to.
I took a fucking year off.
I was bored,
but I was never sitting there like,
I need it man fucking knee.
I just liked doing it.
I liked getting hammered and I like yelling at people in boat shoes,
you know,
so me.
Uh,
but I definitely need to shut it.
Once you start getting heartburn with the fuck sitting and making fun of these
people,
like they're going to have a heart attack.
Isn't heartburn basically the uh,
the on ramp to major coronary failure.
Oh,
speaking of which,
I'm reading this book right now,
eat to live
and every time I say eat to live,
I always think of iron maiden.
Ace is high.
Every time I say eat to live,
I hear Bruce Dickinson saying fly to live.
Live to fly.
Uh
Oh the eighties.
Anyways,
you guys should definitely check out this book.
What'd you like me to read you an excerpt of it.
I gotta I gotta read you this.
Let me put this on pause right here.
Actually.
You know what?
Maybe it would be funnier if I just walk across the room.
Hang on a second.
They walk across the room here to front.
Tried to find you.
Just busy yourselves.
Busy yourselves.
Talk amongst yourselves as I tried to find the park.
Fuck
there it is.
There it is.
Fair.
It is.
Okay.
Everybody take your seats.
Take your seats where class is back in session.
All right,
so this,
this,
this guy,
right?
He wrote this book,
Joe Fermin,
m d.
All right,
so you know,
he's smart.
He wrote this book,
eat to live.
So I had gone to the fucking gym.
Do you any reason why you have to go to the gym other than gravity?
Pulling my fucking man tits down to the ground.
Every God damn day.
It never quits unless you're laying it down.
You know,
if you did a fucking headstand your whole life,
if you could do that,
would you fucking man tits eventually be in your face.
What's the deal anyways?
This guy is basically saying,
okay,
he used face,
you know,
you know forever that they've said the problem with the Vegan diet is that you
can't get enough protein.
You're not going to get enough protein and that uh,
yeah,
whatever.
Like vegetables aren't a complete protein or something like that.
You basically got to have a protein the size of your palm of your hand,
no bigger than that.
Make sure it's a lean cut and Yada,
Yada,
Yada.
This guy's saying it's all bullshit.
Go to the fucking zoo.
Okay.
The most jacked animal there is a God damn gorilla.
If you can't get any more jack than that,
a fucking gorilla is like an NFL linebacker fucking times 1000.
They said if you fucking had a,
uh,
a gorilla,
if you could actually make it bench press,
if you could actually make it,
do it there.
No,
I said get over that.
Right.
How the fuck you going to make a door?
Something I wanted to do it,
it could basically bench press two tons.
Easy.
All right.
That's 4,000 pounds.
If you dummies out there for you people overseas,
I imagine that's a bunch of fucking uh,
whatever the fuck measurement you use a bunch of stones.
Um,
I think like a stone,
cause I remember looking it up one time when I was listening to ACDC,
whole lot of rosy weighing in at about 19 stone.
That was about 218 pounds,
I believe.
Do the fucking math.
All right,
so that's 19 times five.
That'd be about thousand pounds.
So that's like a hundred star.
Yeah,
it's about 400 stone.
350 stone at go fuck yourself.
So anyways,
he said,
and you go to the zoo,
the grill is the most fucking jacked animal you ever going to see.
And they eat 80% vegetables,
20% fruit.
Now granted,
I realize I'm not a fucking gorilla,
but I tell you,
I went to the zoo and I looked at God damn.
Monkey in the eye.
You look at chimp in the,
I end up telling you they're us and wear them.
All right?
We're just,
we're just a little,
little,
a little above or a little below depending on how you view the environment,
you know,
in all our inventions,
the fucking
goddamn mess.
We've made it the planet.
So anyways,
this is what the guy's claiming as far as cause my whole life,
I heard about the four food groups and you build it around a protein.
This is what this guy's saying.
MMM.
He's basically saying,
oh,
I know I have.
This is going to be fucking hilarious because I can't read.
This is terrible.
MMM.
He's basically saying,
you know,
you're not going to go to the supermarket.
And they say that shit that,
that,
you know,
they'll say like this butter is 98% fat free,
then you're like,
so this spot is fucking only 2% fat.
It completely affected.
Uh,
it's actually bullshit.
Butter is a hundred percent fat.
What they did is how they got around it is they just,
if you took like butter,
which is 100% fat and you throw it in a glass of water and then you start it up
and then rather than counting the caloric value of it,
of the butter,
which is still 100% fat,
you did it by weight and you included the glass and the fucking water.
That's how it becomes 2% fat by weight.
It's then becomes 2% per fat,
but the fucking water is still 100% fat.
It's like 2% milk is really 49% fat.
Yeah.
All right.
Does that make any sense?
Well it shouldn't cause I'm stupid.
So let me read what this,
this fucking guy bro.
And he's smart because he's an MD.
I'm using weight instead of calories in nutrient analysis tables has evolved
into a ploy to hide how nutritionally unsound in many foods are.
The role of the USDA was originally to promote the products of the animal
agricultural industry.
Over 50 years ago,
the Usda began promoting the so called four basic food groups with meat and
dairy products in the number one and number two spots on the list financed by
the,
and this was financed by the meat and dairy industry and backed by nutritional
scientists on the payroll of meat and dairy,
other meat and dairy industry.
This promotion ignored science.
Am I going to get sued for this?
Uh,
this program?
I'm only,
I'm only quoting the book people.
This program could be more accurately labeled the four food myths.
It was taught in every classroom in America to me included with posters
advocating a diet loaded with animal protein,
fat and cholesterol.
The results of this fraudulent program were dramatic in more than one more ways
than one Americans began eating more and more animal foods.
The campaign sparked the beginning of the fastest growing kids.
Hang on,
I got to turn the page epidemic in history and heart attack rates soared to
previously unheard the levels.
So I don't know whether you believe that or not.
I got to still think that people will always eating steaks.
All I know is I'm going to try to give this thing a shot.
It's not that I'm going to go vegan.
All right.
And I know if you try to do anything outside the norm of that,
automatically people are going to be sending me emails first.
She drive a Prius.
Now you're a Vegan.
Why don't you just stick a dick in your ass?
I get always becomes that.
Right?
Um,
no,
actually I'm going to try and have one salvad a day,
the very least to offset my fucking steak eating ways.
Yeah,
I dunno,
the fucking book basically blew my mind if it's even remotely true and I got to
admit,
I've kinda been doing it a little bit and it's uh,
it's making me feel pretty good and I'm shitting like a fucking race horse.
Sorry ladies.
Um,
I'm actually learning how to eat a salad without any dressing on it.
Cause I guess that even like olive oil has a 150 calories per teaspoon and I
gotta tell you,
I easily it 70 spoons.
That's not even that much,
you know?
Yeah.
But yeah,
you know,
I might as well eat a fucking burger.
I'm an idiot.
So to eat a salad without dressing,
I swear to God you don't know the misery.
But what ends up happening is you get used to it and I swear to God,
the onions and the tomatoes,
maybe a carrot in there,
whatever the fuck you happened at,
that becomes the dressing and you actually get excited to eat a tomato.
You know,
it's funny,
I don't think I sold that as much as I made people run to go eat more fucking
me,
but whatever.
I'm going to try it out because I'm,
because I hate working out.
I got to go down and I got to go try and work off one eighth of what the fuck I
did to my body at the Lsu game.
God Damn.
And I was upset after that game.
What happened?
I actually did the dumbest thing I could ever do.
I actually have another fucking team that I'm now going to live and die for.
So what are the odds they're going to win the championship every year?
Crl.
So every fucking year there's going to be some level of disappointment,
you know,
I don't know.
They won the citrus bowl.
I guess that's kind of good.
All right,
next one.
Um,
ear.
We go gay son,
Bill.
My son just left for college this year and when I was cleaning out his room,
I found several notes from he and his best friend from high school.
These two were together all the time and are rooming together right now in
colleges,
colleges and college.
God,
I'm fucking,
it's pathetic.
Uh,
the notes I found were from,
from one another on special occasions,
like Christmas,
all of them said essentially the same thing.
I know nobody can know,
but our love is real and we can express ourselves better in college.
Oh.
JJC.
Here we go.
They go on to talk about their nights in hotels and how their girlfriends never
knew they were gay.
My son talks about how we can never tell me because I,
he thinks I will disown him.
Oh my God.
Are the hiccups coming back?
Is this story exciting me,
Bill?
I don't know what to do.
I haven't told anyone and I'm not mad at him or anything and don't care that he
is gay,
but I want to know if I should tell him I know his secret.
Jesus,
why don't you guys ask me these questions like,
I'm qualified.
I'm not qualified to answer this,
but this is what I would do.
First of all,
the fact that you know,
you're not going to judge him and you won't disown him.
His biggest fear is,
is just that it's only a fear.
So that's,
that's a good thing.
So I don't have any kids,
but I know that.
Okay.
Then if my son had some giant fear,
I would want to,
if I could in any way alleviate that stress from his life,
I would.
Um,
I would,
so I would just,
I dunno,
I would sit down with them and I would just say,
look,
okay,
tell him you love him.
And all that stuff.
So he chills and say,
you know,
whatever you said,
it was cleaning out your room.
I found these notes.
I mean,
I don't know how this is,
you almost want to ask you gotta ask somebody gay about this.
Cause I dunno if this is going to be like,
if it's up to him,
you don't want to shock the kid.
But,
uh,
I would think that I,
I would think,
okay.
And just say you're not going to disown them.
You're not mad at him or whatever.
I,
I would think,
and I'm not qualified.
I would think once he got over the shock of Holy Fuck,
my biggest fear in life,
my dad found out
once he finds out you're not fucking mad.
You give him a hug and then just say,
listen,
and I'm not going to fucking tell anybody.
You know what?
Just hurt me.
It made me feel sad that you,
that you were thinking that I would be like that with you.
I'm not you,
my son.
I love you.
That's it.
You know,
I would just do it like that and then just say,
I'm not going to say anything about your friend.
I'm not going to say anything to young mother.
Uh,
you know.
Well,
that probably puts you in a situation with the,
I don't fucking know.
I don't know how to go beyond that,
but that's,
that's what I would do.
All right.
Once again,
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing.
So there you go.
That's,
that's what I would do.
Okay.
Good luck to you sir.
Moving on.
Book recommendation,
eat to live.
Live to fly.
Sorry.
Um,
Bill,
I hope all is well with you.
Well,
I hope all is well with you too,
sir.
Or ma'am.
Hermaphrodite um,
I just wanted to say that I enjoy listening to your podcast early in the morning
while I practice guitar before work or even better while I'm wasting time on my
cubicle.
How do you practice guitar listening to this shit?
Um,
anyway,
I heard you mentioned in the past that you're a fan of body weight exercise.
Yes,
I am.
I'm not sure if you heard of Ross.
Okay.
I can't read that word,
and a mate,
e,
n,
a m,
a I t,
but he has an Xbox or in physical trainer who lives in Massachusetts.
He put,
he put a great book out called Never Jim Wallace a few years back and I'd been
using it on a daily basis to keep in shape.
Ross is a bare knuckle,
no bullshit kind of guy.
I think you'll enjoy the book if you're into using your own body weight to keep
in shape.
I am in no way affiliated with Ross.
We'll,
I'll believe it because you just told me you weren't,
um,
or anything like that.
I just want to let you know that I enjoy your work and thought you might be
interested in this book.
Yeah,
I'll check it out.
Never.
Jim was,
let's oddly comforting the gym will always be there and those times when you
can't work out.
Those were the times when I carried you movie recommendation.
Bill,
you got to see wreck it.
Ralph.
It made me laugh and cry.
Oh Geez.
I didn't laugh when I suck Cosby and I didn't cry when my relatives died.
Oh,
you didn't laugh when you went to see bill Cosby.
He didn't cry when your relatives die,
but wreck it.
Ralph.
I think I saw some of that.
I think I saw,
I think I saw something about that.
Which is that one.
There's one out there that looks like a pixelated angry me that's coming out.
Uh,
I dunno.
Anyways,
overrated.
Underrated,
underrated.
Being from a pro sports town and flying to New Orleans and experiencing a
college football game between two SCC rivals.
I'm telling you,
put it on your bucket list.
Alright,
go buy your wife some shoes.
There you go.
Sweetie.
These are for you and these two tickets to me.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I'll see you in three days.
And by the way,
if you get,
if you get hiccups and you want to cure them,
they got all these different cures and all that.
The biggest thing is just don't eat like an asshole and drink like an asshole
like I did.
Oh by the way,
by the way,
this time tomorrow,
we have the big election here in the states.
I don't know if you heard about it.
People out there and Sydney,
Australia and Melbourne.
Melbourne.
Is that how you say it?
Melbourne,
Perth.
Oslow hell Siki all these fucking places I go to now.
I don't know if you guys heard about it.
I'm sure it's all over.
Your fucking blows me away that you guys give us shit considering I can't name
any of your guys other than Tony Blair.
And the reason why I know Tony Blair's,
he's got such a fucking great show.
Biz Name.
Ladies and gentlemen,
keep it going for that mother fucker.
I told him dad,
you know,
he almost needs a black dude to bring them up that name so smooth.
Keep it going for Tony.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
so what do you think?
Who you're calling Paul Versey is dying?
He wants he,
he's Romney all fucking day.
He wants Romney.
I know.
Juanita.
I don't even know who I'm going to vote for this time.
I don't even fucking know.
I have no fucking clue.
I don't give a shit.
It's not,
it doesn't matter if they're both going to roughly do the same fucking thing
because the same people got money on both fucking gang.
Um,
I dunno,
I dunno what I'm going to do,
but uh,
I've had it.
I just just
think people are so fucking stupid and that's coming from me who can't even read
out loud 44 years of age.
I just think people like,
I just don't how they process information,
you know what I mean?
The way they,
they,
they look at Shit,
they never connect one presidency to another.
It's like people can't like whatever's going on,
they're like,
Oh,
who's an office?
it's his fault.
You know,
they don't keep seeing like the same problems keep getting fucking worse and
worse and worse.
I just don't,
I just don't believe that the president could fucking do anything.
Well they can do.
He's like Mark Sanchez.
He just has to try and manage the game.
Don't throw a pick mark.
Don't draw a pic.
That's basically all he could do.
You know?
Other than that,
yeah,
I are you going to tell how are you going to turn this country around?
Like corporations is so fucking powerful that they're beyond the borders of this
country.
Like,
you know what I thought was really fucked up and is literally treasonous
activity is like all those people out there dealing with a hurricane Susan,
Sally,
I,
for some reason I just cannot remember the fucking name of the,
that Goddamn hurricane,
that shit where everybody
okay
is lining up to get gas and all of a sudden gas becomes like five 99 a gallon to
do that to your fellow countryman when they're involved.
And that type of situation to raise the price of food,
to do all that,
to make money off of people's misery like that.
Okay.
I was kidding who.
That's page one of capitalism.
But I,
I personally that that's just,
it's treasonists.
Okay.
You should be,
if anything,
you should try to be keeping the prices steady.
You should be or,
or,
or try to drop them.
If you can fucking help people out,
the fucking coming up to you with their pockets inside out to shoes that don't
even fucking match and you're going to try and get an extra fucking $2 a gallon
off of him or whatever.
I,
I just that that isn't right.
And a fucking right.
Not My America.
Uh,
anyways,
that's a podcast for this week.
I felt oddly comfortable doing this with my headphones on,
even though I couldn't hear myself.
You know what it is.
If you put them on,
I can still hear my voice in my head,
which makes me feel good.
It's soothing to me.
All right,
so here's the deal.
Um,
I got one more road gig this year.
I'm going to be at the University of Southern Connecticut on November 17th.
It is open to the public.
So you get you,
and I'm just saying that I don't even know if that's true,
but I think it's true considering people emailing me about it,
saying if I'm going to tone it down by the love of God,
get some Goddamn a delta in that crowd.
All right.
Um,
but then I think that's it then all the rest of my gigs.
What do I got?
I got Bray it.
That's it.
I only got his brain a left and another fucking year has gone by.
Can you believe it?
All right,
well,
that's the podcast for this week.
As always,
people.
Um,
if you'd like to support this podcast,
go to a m and go to [inaudible] com click on the podcast page and click on the
link to amazon.com and uh,
all she gotta do is go buy something.
You don't have to do it if you want to.
And then Amazon doesn't cost you any extra money.
Amazon then just kicks me a little bit of money and then I'd take a portion of
the,
and I take a portion of any ad money that I'd make on this and I,
uh,
I sent it to the wounded warriors project.
So you'd be supporting me and supporting the troops.
And you know what?
Look what I just did that I just did what all these corporations that do it now
where they try and align themselves with some sort of,
you know,
some sort of cause that there's no way you're not going to be against it.
Like that whole breast cancer thing.
Like he's seen the five hour energy,
the little pink ones,
and every time you buy a pink five hour energy liquid cocaine,
we will give a portion of the proceeds to finding a cure for breast cancer.
Now,
the key there is a portion of the proceeds.
What do you think that pro portion is?
I heard with a certain credit card company,
it was one penny for every charge,
regardless of how big it was.
So people that doing that shit,
can you really get mad that they're raising gas price of gas during the,
during the fucking hurricane?
You know what I mean?
I'll tell you wouldn't do something like that.
Ari should fair Arice your fair.
Would you ever go to his march page?
You see the quality that he has on that?
I've been in this business long enough to know how much having all those extra
colors in your tee shirt or on the cover,
you CD a DVD,
how much that's gonna cost you.
And he says,
fuck that.
I am an artistic vision of PLA.
Irish affair would not raise gas prices.
And because of that,
you should go,
uh,
go.
You should go to all things comedy and you should listen to his podcast,
the septic tank,
the skeptic tank,
septic from such a fucking idiot,
the skeptic tank.
And I'm actually going to try to get on,
uh,
get on his show.
And that's it.
So that's it.
People,
he didn't believe me the first time.
I said it twice.
That is fucking it.
That's the podcast for this week.
Go fuck yourselves.
Thank you to everybody who came out to the show here at Harrison New Orleans.
This is going to be a regular stop for me on the tour and I'm always going to be
coming through during football season next year.
I'm going to try to do a Lsu and go to a a hornets game while I'm out here.
Check that one off the list.
But tonight,
saints,
Eagles,
and I'm gonna Laugh my ass off watching these polite southerners,
polite southern southerners,
who knows?
You know,
you always got to wonder if one of them's in the clan,
but whatever.
I'll outwardly polite fans dealing with dealing with these fucking eagles fans.
And what's funny is I actually think the saints are going to win because every
time I go an athletic event
and it's against a Philly team,
even if I was for the Philly team,
cause I love the flyers.
Their fans is so fucking obnoxious.
By the end of it,
I'm rooting for them to loose.
MMM.
But they always end up wedding.
They've won every time I went to a Bruins,
fly his game with my mother and there was sitting right behind me,
four of them down low total fucking assholes.
And Ah,
the hiccups are coming back,
dude.
I literally,
I have a sore esophagus,
a fucking sore pipe.
Literally like it was doing set ups.
MMM.
Can you take bear for that?
All right.
How awful is your job?
You still listen to this?
Go Fuck Yourself.
I'll talk to you next week.
That's it.
That is it.
Let me hit stop.
Okay.
Fuck you.